[Music]
you know is out of this mountain
tomorrow okay crew today is a day for
big sales I hope you realize you're
tapped into the shipper fool
if you're young you're not expected to
know everything never said forget it coz
I couldn't let it set into my head I
always had a way of coming back to sack
me with a heavy blow at least you have a
destiny when I am busy I won't see you
pick up even giggle from silent and it
was persuaded by your youthful beauty
your innocence I heard you're in the
guides like that clean and cut and feel
okay we're gonna go to college I'm
trying to make an honest living and
we're offering a great deal in the paper
[Music]
cuz what goes up must come down
you have everything I have nothing you
[Music]
still don't know what to do with that
man
I'm 17 three months I'll kill you if
you're not careful
I mean it I'll kick you in the balls
boom in and three months whoo that makes
you a fan you guys get away with it
ignorance that I'd be shot for I seems
like a kid dude never seen teaching it
how to be a proper kid you know what
he's doing
not yet it tells you to never give up
never quit and always believe in
yourself because boys I believe in you
[Applause]